---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "neon_endpoint Data Source - neon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a Neon endpoint.
---

# neon_endpoint (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a Neon endpoint.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "neon_endpoint" "example" {
  project_id = "your-project-id"
  id         = "your-endpoint-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The endpoint ID.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID.

### Read-Only

- `autoscaling_limit_max_cu` (Number) The maximum number of Compute Units.
- `autoscaling_limit_min_cu` (Number) The minimum number of Compute Units.
- `branch_id` (String) The branch ID.
- `compute_provisioner` (String) The provisioner for the compute endpoint.
- `compute_release_version` (String) Attached compute's release version number.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `creation_source` (String) The compute endpoint creation source.
- `current_state` (String) The current state of the compute endpoint.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the endpoint is disabled.
- `host` (String) The hostname for connecting to the endpoint.
- `last_active` (String) A timestamp indicating when the compute endpoint was last active.
- `name` (String) Optional name of the compute endpoint.
- `passwordless_access` (Boolean) Whether to permit passwordless access to the compute endpoint.
- `pending_state` (String) The pending state of the compute endpoint.
- `pooler_enabled` (Boolean) Whether connection pooling is enabled.
- `pooler_mode` (String) The connection pooler mode.
- `region_id` (String) The region identifier.
- `settings` (Attributes) Endpoint settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `started_at` (String) A timestamp indicating when the compute endpoint was last started.
- `suspend_timeout_seconds` (Number) The duration of inactivity in seconds after which the compute is suspended.
- `suspended_at` (String) A timestamp indicating when the compute endpoint was last suspended.
- `type` (String) The endpoint type.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Read-Only:

- `pg_settings` (Map of String) A raw representation of Postgres settings.
- `pgbouncer_settings` (Map of String) A raw representation of PgBouncer settings.
- `preload_libraries` (Attributes) Preload libraries configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--preload_libraries))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--preload_libraries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.preload_libraries`

Read-Only:

- `enabled_libraries` (List of String) List of enabled preload libraries.
- `use_defaults` (Boolean) Whether to use default preload libraries.
