---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "neon_endpoints Data Source - neon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of endpoints for a Neon project.
---

# neon_endpoints (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of endpoints for a Neon project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "neon_endpoints" "example" {
  project_id = "your-project-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) The Neon project ID.

### Read-Only

- `endpoints` (Attributes List) The list of endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `autoscaling_limit_max_cu` (Number) The maximum number of Compute Units.
- `autoscaling_limit_min_cu` (Number) The minimum number of Compute Units.
- `branch_id` (String) The branch ID.
- `compute_provisioner` (String) The provisioner for the compute endpoint.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp, in RFC 3339 format.
- `current_state` (String) The current state of the compute endpoint.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the endpoint is disabled.
- `host` (String) The hostname for connecting to the endpoint.
- `id` (String) The endpoint ID.
- `name` (String) Optional name of the compute endpoint.
- `passwordless_access` (Boolean) Whether to permit passwordless access to the compute endpoint.
- `pooler_enabled` (Boolean) Whether connection pooling is enabled.
- `pooler_mode` (String) The connection pooler mode.
- `region_id` (String) The region identifier.
- `suspend_timeout_seconds` (Number) The duration of inactivity in seconds after which the compute is suspended.
- `type` (String) The endpoint type.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp, in RFC 3339 format.
