---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "neon_branch Resource - neon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Neon branch.
---

# neon_branch (Resource)

Manages a Neon branch.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "neon_branch" "example" {
  project_id = neon_project.example.id
  name       = "dev-branch"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) The project ID.

### Optional

- `archived` (Boolean) Whether to create the branch as archived.
- `expires_at` (String) The timestamp when the branch is scheduled to expire and be automatically deleted (ISO 8601 / RFC 3339 format).
- `init_source` (String) The source of initialization for the branch. Valid values are 'schema-only' and 'parent-data' (default).
- `name` (String) The branch name.
- `parent_id` (String) The parent branch ID.
- `parent_lsn` (String) A Log Sequence Number (LSN) on the parent branch.
- `parent_timestamp` (String) A timestamp identifying a point in time on the parent branch (ISO 8601 format).
- `protected` (Boolean) Whether the branch is protected.

### Read-Only

- `active_time_seconds` (Number) Active time for the branch, in seconds.
- `compute_time_seconds` (Number) Compute time used by the branch, in seconds.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `creation_source` (String) The branch creation source.
- `current_state` (String) The current state of the branch.
- `data_transfer_bytes` (Number) Data transfer for the branch, in bytes.
- `default` (Boolean) Whether the branch is the project's default branch.
- `id` (String) The branch ID.
- `last_reset_at` (String) A timestamp indicating when the branch was last reset.
- `logical_size` (Number) The logical size of the branch, in bytes.
- `pending_state` (String) The pending state of the branch.
- `restored_as` (String) The ID of the target branch which was replaced when this branch was restored.
- `restored_from` (String) The ID of the snapshot that was the restore source for this branch.
- `state_changed_at` (String) A timestamp indicating when the current state began.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp.
- `written_data_bytes` (Number) Written data for the branch, in bytes.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import neon_branch.example <project_id>/<branch_id>
```
