---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "neon_project Resource - neon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Neon project.
---

# neon_project (Resource)

Manages a Neon project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "neon_project" "example" {
  name                    = "my-project"
  region_id               = "aws-us-east-1"
  pg_version              = 16
  history_retention_seconds = 86400
  store_passwords         = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `compute_provisioner` (String) The provisioner for the project. Cannot be changed after creation.
- `default_endpoint_settings` (Attributes) Default endpoint settings for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_endpoint_settings))
- `history_retention_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds to retain the shared history for all branches.
- `name` (String) The project name.
- `org_id` (String) The organization ID. If set, the project belongs to the specified organization. Cannot be changed after creation.
- `pg_version` (Number) The Postgres version.
- `region_id` (String) The region identifier. Cannot be changed after creation.
- `settings` (Attributes) Project settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `store_passwords` (Boolean) Whether passwords are stored for roles in the project.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `id` (String) The project ID.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--default_endpoint_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_endpoint_settings`

Optional:

- `autoscaling_limit_max_cu` (Number) The maximum number of Compute Units.
- `autoscaling_limit_min_cu` (Number) The minimum number of Compute Units.
- `pg_settings` (Map of String) A raw representation of Postgres settings.
- `pgbouncer_settings` (Map of String) A raw representation of PgBouncer settings.
- `suspend_timeout_seconds` (Number) Duration of inactivity in seconds after which the compute endpoint is automatically suspended.


<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `allowed_ips` (Attributes) A list of IP addresses that are allowed to connect to the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--allowed_ips))
- `audit_log_level` (String) The audit log level. One of: base, extended, full.
- `block_public_connections` (Boolean) When set, connections from the public internet are disallowed.
- `block_vpc_connections` (Boolean) When set, connections using VPC endpoints are disallowed.
- `enable_logical_replication` (Boolean) Sets wal_level=logical for all compute endpoints in this project.
- `hipaa` (Boolean) Whether HIPAA compliance is enabled for the project.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) The maintenance window configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--maintenance_window))
- `preload_libraries` (Attributes) Configuration for preloaded Postgres libraries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--preload_libraries))
- `quota` (Attributes) Per-project consumption quota. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--quota))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--allowed_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.allowed_ips`

Optional:

- `ips` (List of String) A list of allowed IP addresses.
- `protected_branches_only` (Boolean) If true, the list will be applied only to protected branches.


<a id="nestedatt--settings--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.maintenance_window`

Required:

- `end_time` (String) End time of the maintenance window in HH:MM format (UTC).
- `start_time` (String) Start time of the maintenance window in HH:MM format (UTC).
- `weekdays` (List of Number) A list of weekdays when the maintenance window is active (1=Monday, 7=Sunday).


<a id="nestedatt--settings--preload_libraries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.preload_libraries`

Optional:

- `enabled_libraries` (List of String) A list of libraries to preload.
- `use_defaults` (Boolean) Whether to use the default preloaded libraries.


<a id="nestedatt--settings--quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.quota`

Optional:

- `active_time_seconds` (Number) The total amount of wall-clock time allowed to be spent by the project's compute endpoints.
- `compute_time_seconds` (Number) The total amount of CPU seconds allowed to be spent by the project's compute endpoints.
- `data_transfer_bytes` (Number) Total amount of data transferred from all of a project's branches using the proxy.
- `logical_size_bytes` (Number) Limit on the logical size of every project's branch.
- `written_data_bytes` (Number) Total amount of data written to all of a project's branches.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import neon_project.example <project_id>
```
